Hello
and the power of money
one of the most favorite dishes
our church but perhaps the most
popular
this is the potato ankle today we
we will prepare potato stocks
500 grams of potatoes thoroughly boeing
peel peeled potatoes
rub on a fine grater do not miss
through the meat grinder
well wring out
do not throw out the liquid but give it to her
how will
leader potatoes add 100 grams
boiling milk
and mix
add one teaspoon of salt
and stir again
merge
and adds potatoes to the bottom
starch
shuffle add 30 grams
flour mix until getting from
national artist
the place where the potato
take that fry potato
pancakes well warmed up
vegetable oil over moderate heat
high side
formation golden ruddy
crusts
serve potato pancakes
with warmed butter or
with sour cream
recipe homemade sour cream
is on our website
cooking video dot rub
or Russian video cooking point of t f
in section
simple walls
inspiration obama
good luck and it was nice to drink and so